In order to run the game, open a local host server and run the index.html file (landing page). Another alternative way is to just open the 'index.html' file via a browser. 
The game has a SVG Board which contains the game and a container beside that which prompts the user about the remaining lives of the crows and the current turn. The container also has a 'RULES' button which redirects the user to an url which has the details about the game. The Button for downloading logs is relevant for the second question. 

The vulture is depicted by a red circle in the game whereas the crows are blue. In the game, the crow starts playing first folowed by the vulture while they take turns to move. There is only one vulture who has an objective to eat 4 crows to win the game. There are total 7 crows who have to avoid being eaten and they win if they block the vulture in such a way that it has no moves left at their turn. This is essentially a two player game.
 
When all the crows have come on board and the chance comes to the crows, you have to select which crow to move by clicking on them which will turn the selected crow's border as orange and then you can move that crow to another empty spot. In case you click on another crow, the last clicked crow gets selected. Till all the crows are not on the board, you have to keep clicking empty spaces on the board to spawn the crows. The players have free choice at every move in order to induce realism and human errors to the game and give a real feel to the game.

For the graphics, SVG(Scalable Vector Graphics) is used.
The JS folder has 2 JS files. The 'index.js' has the game logic and custom specifics made by me. The other JS file is vanilla-tilt.js which is used for giving a 3d effect to the svg board. When the player hovers over the SVG div, the board will tilt according to the mouse coordinates. This does not hinder the gameplay. The values of the tilt is adjusted by me in the js file. 

There are two images in the html folder itself relevant to the page. No separate folder has been created for the image in order to align with the directory structure of the assignment. Apart from this, they game features are observable while playing the game like the hover feature, game logic, win alert box, etc.

In accordance to this question, a feature is added to the game which logs the mouse events like mouseover, single click, double click, mousemove, etc. The mouse events are captured using event listeners. Whenever a mouse event occurs, the information of the event is fetched using an event listener for that specific action and the details are appended to a blank string. In my case, I have taken in consideration the 's.no' (maintained by me), type, X, Y, cntrlkey, altkey, button, clientX and clientY. I appeneded them to a string and then appended the string to an array. 
A function is made which loads with the window. Now, I have made a button which when clicked triggers the download of this log. Inside the function, the maintained array is saved as a txt file and is downloaded to the user's local system.
